Natalie Austin: Hi, how are you doing
Cara vordtriede: Well, how are you
Good.
Natalie Austin: Welcome to bright heart.
Cara vordtriede: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: This is your first time in treatment or did you transfer from another facility.
Cara vordtriede: Um, well, I've been doing a lot of transferring because all doctors are leaving me
Cara vordtriede: Oh, sorry. Been with my doctor for four years.
Cara vordtriede: And he told me last Monday that he was leaving
Cara vordtriede: And I've been wanting to do online. I've been trying to get him a Breitbart since before October.
Natalie Austin: I know I've heard
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, well, because he is so far away and I work nights and it's it's dangerous for me to drive that far. Um, and he had me on the shot.
Cara vordtriede: He's a big believer in the sub UK
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Cara vordtriede: And I really didn't like it.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, we're often build a month.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, so when he was leaving i i got online and I found direct recovery.
Cara vordtriede: Um, so I got with them. I've only I've only been with them for one week. And as soon as I met my doctor. She said she was leaving
Natalie Austin: Well, no.
Cara vordtriede: And then you guys called me yesterday, I was like, thank God.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Awesome.
Cara vordtriede: So maybe I'll maybe I'll hop a doctor.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you do. You've got me.
Cara vordtriede: Yes, that's what's been going on well
Natalie Austin: Do you want me to order the stronger. Do you want to go back to the film or the
Cara vordtriede: Struggle I
Saw
Natalie Austin: You ever tried the film or the pills.
Cara vordtriede: On the pills is what I was on before the shocking this
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, that's what I was wanting back on.
Natalie Austin: I wouldn't do that. That's fine.
Natalie Austin: The Suboxone eight milligram pills twice a day. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we can do that.
Cara vordtriede: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: How long have you been clean
Cara vordtriede: I'm five years.
Natalie Austin: Your phone good news.
Cara vordtriede: I'm just afraid that I'm I've been what I've been thinking about the Suboxone and coming off. But right now, I just don't think it's safe. Like with me, knowing that there's nothing in me.
Cara vordtriede: I mean,
Cara vordtriede: Right now I have that back in my head that I can't use
Cara vordtriede: I just don't feel I'm ready yet.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, let's um let's go ahead. Start with the physical exam or the past medical history, actually.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Heart disease, hypertension, high cholesterol, anxiety, depression,
Cara vordtriede: And I'm a little bit of anxiety.
Cara vordtriede: Okay not nothing crazy
Natalie Austin: So I'm all your labs are okay your
Cara vordtriede: Cluster on. I just had a baby.
Cara vordtriede: About four months ago.
Cara vordtriede: As a then they were
Cara vordtriede: Low to lab core. I couldn't do it this morning because I had to wait for my uniforms to come in because I'd already new uniforms.
Cara vordtriede: And I need to get some sleep. Before I talk to you, but I'll go there right after work and get
Natalie Austin: Past surgical history do you have, have you had any surgeries appendix console's gallbladder.
Gallbladder.
Natalie Austin: And E c sections.
Cara vordtriede: To
Natalie Austin: QC sentence. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So three surgeries total in your
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents so alive.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, very healthy or do they have any diabetes, hypertension,
Cara vordtriede: Um, my dad's an alcoholic and he has COPD.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Cara vordtriede: But that's it. Oh, my mom has thyroid. She takes pills for her thyroid
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm.
Cara vordtriede: But that's it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm okay.
Natalie Austin: Social History you're employed, what do you do
Cara vordtriede: I'm factory work.
Natalie Austin: There's a lot of factories in Ohio. That's amazing. There's
Natalie Austin: Less job. That's great.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, married single divorced
Cara vordtriede: I'm single.
Cara vordtriede: never married
Natalie Austin: NEVER MARRIED. Okay, how many kids do you have just to
Cara vordtriede: Four or
Cara vordtriede: My oldest is 20
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, you started young. Hmm.
Cara vordtriede: Team.
Natalie Austin: So 20 and z and a couple months or one
Cara vordtriede: I have 26 four months in one year.
Natalie Austin: Okay, wow.
Natalie Austin: You're busy mama.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Right now, go with dad.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, any alcohol or tobacco use.
Cara vordtriede: I smoke in the middle of trying to quit.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Then we'll do next line is allergies and the allergies.
Cara vordtriede: I'm a little bit
Natalie Austin: Now mean like medications.
Cara vordtriede: Oh, no.
Natalie Austin: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. And then current medications.
Cara vordtriede: Just
Cara vordtriede: Just a boxer
Natalie Austin: Uh huh. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you take anything for anxiety.
Cara vordtriede: No. No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, next line, um,
Natalie Austin: We'll do a review of systems and he nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Cara vordtriede: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Can you like page pain cramps, insomnia, fatigue, you're probably tired from working last night. Huh.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, little tired.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay. So essentially negative okay physical exam. I'm How tall are you,
Cara vordtriede: Buy one
Natalie Austin: I want to know your weight.
Cara vordtriede: 170 okay
Cara vordtriede: So have a baby fat.
Natalie Austin: That takes a while at AMP T Perla Nokia distress lungs non labor aspirations, add them understand it 70s, no Dema
Natalie Austin: Know cardiac regular rate and rhythm yeah cyclorama times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: At AMP T wearing glasses.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Assessment and plan one opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Will discontinue the injection. The visual injection period start Suboxone tablets eight milligrams twice a day.
The correct, yeah.
Natalie Austin: We'll be in counseling was bright heart.
Natalie Austin: Period.
Natalie Austin: Yes, that's a
Natalie Austin: Pretty much the exam. There
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Cara vordtriede: I'm the groups. How do I do that and when are they
Natalie Austin: I think we're gonna have him on Wednesday afternoons.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll just call back in whenever you're done, and at the original number you called in and they'll schedule that for you.
Cara vordtriede: And how often
Cara vordtriede: Do I meet with you.
Natalie Austin: I think, I think it's every two weeks.
Okay.
Cara vordtriede: And
Natalie Austin: I'm and I'm new to this too.
Natalie Austin: I've been doing this for two years with another company, but this is new for me. I think it's two weeks.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, is
Natalie Austin: That okay with you.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, and
Cara vordtriede: As your are you pre scheduled or do you get a hold of me.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I think they'll set that one of you call back we'll set will set it up, you might be able to get a slot like every two weeks, I would ask them that.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm still learning as well.
Cara vordtriede: So,
Natalie Austin: We'll do this together and yeah
Cara vordtriede: We'll make it
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Natalie Austin: To give them your pharmacy number. Correct.
No.
Cara vordtriede: I never asked for that.
Natalie Austin: Love to get that. Do you know it.
Cara vordtriede: I just know I go to Kroger, and Troy, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me write that down.
Natalie Austin: Like the phone number or the street or anything.
Cara vordtriede: It's on market.
Natalie Austin: Market Street Troy, Ohio.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, look up the phone number for all get the scripts out probably this afternoon. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, thank you, honey.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Any other questions.
Cara vordtriede: No, I just calls it the get all those, he answered.
Natalie Austin: Okay, sounds great.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you, your group and then we'll see in a couple weeks for your appointment. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye.